we are down
the bottom of chart isn't bottom of price.
week lows
more fresh lows for this stock
an UGLY market today 
I'll consider closing my short and starting a long position mid 11s. 
it has turned into complete garbage. 
just bottomless
Technically speaking there is nothing but pain in the near future. How can anyone be bullish about WB is beyond me.
rated bearish
more shorts
$FB ugly
I hate this stock, been on a loser with this since I purchased it a few days after it
Wow, you see that drop.
fine, just sold them.
One of the worst performing Chinese stocks this year.
Added 3,000 more shares. 2015 is going to start strong for me!!! 
been garbage stock 
nothing bullish 
is no longer real research, it's a milch cow. 
you would have to explain why the pharma press  doesn't ever cover
are you just looking for a quick shekel at someone's expense? 
still pushing junk stock 
This stock is dead,future will never come...
wow one of t best performers today.
I have a bad feeling about the results ... 
Somebody just dumped a bunch of shares
it needs to get all this stuff over from China to sell it here.
it does all this great stuff but is Red
Sell it.
Oversold bounce....more downside to come
just FYI, Oculus is big flop
this is a very crowded long trade-be aware
We want low 70s
it's getting real now....watch out! 
Market has gone full blown
nice push by bulls in the end but not enough. still closed lower 1/3 of range broke a huge trend sitting at support after last ER drop.
Crash coming ! I am convinced on these low break outs. Broke $74 today. Very scary & plus for shorts ! 
Easiest short of the year! 
Another ugly chart 
will break down below 70 lol
Worst Crash I have seen in a while. This stock could drop 
Haven't seen any green candles for a while.
a drop today.
Headed to 52 week lows
going down
What a disgrace! Down to 74.
room to go down
market ripped again, sprint red , BK or share dilution coming soon!
Will most likely fall little more. Careful if looking for entry
The strong dollar,global deflation,seismic currency shifts,macro populists trends,irrational shareholder euphoria-steep downside risk.
baby, don't you worry. its going down down down down down. Sky is falling. Yea yuh
down tomorow. Strong bearish sentiments
red apple tomorrow watch out
looks bearish.
bears are back in town
red day tomorrow
steady down this week
lower lows
PIECE OF SHIET isn't trading Monday
way overvalued
Bearish!!!Bearish!!!!Bearish!!!!!!!!!
implosion time.
Market is up, Tech is up big... HIMX down.
I see this is down
No will have to hold the bag
be careful this could get ugly today
dump a chump
This is one stock that sure has lost a lot of weight.
Stiritz is about to blow his entire fortune unless Icahn promised him to take HLF private if all else fails. Why else wouldn't he sell
looking for more downside to put on a put spead
looking for more downside to put on a put spead by selling the $100s at my buy point on the 105s
Application Software getting toasted!
A/H low y'day 13.8, today 16.15, horrible #s, down from here! Bearish
lets go down
short here
watching lower
Weak
Premarket losers
Bearish Scan
Bad news is already baked in 
I'm actually bearish on this one 
Shorting this Pop!
great day to short .
Not good 
PLEASE EXIT YOUR POTENTIAL BEARISH TRADE ON FRIDAY NO MATTER WHAT
all weak 
long term short. 
looks vulnerable below the level 
Short term trade idea
the issue which is going to use more
Don't say I didn't warn you.
went down from 1.75 to 1.70 and we are not done
As predicted it is going down. 
YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED. GREECE GOING DOWN. 
we have already had dooms day in case u haven't already noticed 
Big set up for dooms day by end of Jan. 
dooms day coming
pumpers are crying
Dead cat bounce. Beware the heavy hand of uncertainty.
Junk stocks require people to pump.
Slow walking to ZERO
not looking good
Short @113.62
telegraphing a structural breakdown in $FXF 
If Naz futures are red and down 40 then the bears start barking
Bears leading
sell it! 
Shorting more
could be very ugly
looking bearish
this can go back to 5.5 area easily on monday or even worse IMHO
I don't think anyone's gonna hold this over the weekend
If there is no news over the weekend, this will open below 6. Just saying Bearish
Classic buyout pump and dump
doesn't look to be slowing down
should get continued downward push towards eod and possibly panic selling around 6.5 from buyers at 7 today.
Fading start? ouch
and she left the building.
And if they don't find a buyer soon, this goes back to 6.
I can't find that...rabish 
Careful, High risk
This is typical pump and dump
after a parabolic run, instead of cashing out the gains?
pop is one thing, will gains hold>??? really u think so? ok just watch,$EOPN everythin goes up, they dont come down again, right?. LOL:-)
After Hour stocks fall back 
Bearish Signal Idication.
i caught my eyes due to significant sell off. But I am afraid of long position as i am not seeing profitability of business model.
the easy elevator down trade
expect more downgrade
It's just a matter of time before this sinks.
Pump & dump. 
Short it to zero
scam company. Cheated home owners. Will be out of business in Cali
this is going to Zero
dumping to new lows
well there's the new low of day
It's going to go down fast.
Slight pull back and then...plop!
Going right back down
do not touch this thing, going to 0!
It's no going up again that's a given
you can do it baby!
At the exact time of big drop. 
Pump and dump? 
No benefit at all
Rode her up and ready to ride her down!
Destruction ahead. Sell short.
crack
well there's the new low of day
going for low of day, selling pressure coming in
downgrade
will fall further
awful
SHORT IT!!!!!!!!!!!
building a short position in this seems to be a no brainer
just shorted the shit out of this 
volume crush after earning 
you know this price action is not retail buyers
IS NOT overbought, you will lose big time if you short  based on your faulty daily charts
Bear market rallies are strong!
is Not breaking out yet! 
I wouldn't fight the trend here. Just dumb.
just had 13/34 ema neg cross & all 3 MACDs now negative 
Futures down
A close over 400 tomorrow invalidates rounding top.
Did markets try to shrug off ALL that bad news today?
Seemed like CNBC tried to steam roll through today.
done did short $QQQ here.
when momentum fails
new lows coming
Currently sitting on a do or die level
not sure it can give too many more before it's too late for long positions..
Trying to hold onto the weekly bottom bolly, 177 still the target of this breakdown
Financials and Energy are falling
won't be long before the market collapses, watchout
Feels very difficult to be short this week
I think that trend won't hold this time- net bearish/short equities,
Reverse dips will be the new pattern in the near future
Looks like someone's pushing for religions to clash.
looking for more downside targets
sell sell sell
Flirting with LOD... not good
Warning signs are everywhere! Crash Coming!
shorting $QQQ above $100
This market is rigged
Not going to play this game.
Anyone else think the aftermath about to come from all these central banks cutting rates and scrambling?
close today below 102.10 and a gap up and fail tomorrow could be the start of a big slide.
Bear market bounces just set up the next leg lower .
They warned all week of whats to come. Can only blame yourself for being in the market this week.
following the entire market downfall currently. Nothing to be afraid of.
Running out of steam. Going down big time today.
Will short at 9 .
I say this timbers down to 7.50s area soon.
No near term catalyst to keep this moving.
an offering followed by multiple insiders selling.... fear this jump is a bull trap .
has broken to the downside so would be careful w/ bull position and add to short.
Handful of leading growth stocks could run into earnings, the rest too wild & loose to trade.
nearing lows of the day ahead of market. Short trading ideas following though.
did after reverse split .
New loooows .
monthly chart overbot, rising wedge and neggie d indicating multi-year top likely
This may drop a lot more! Get ready!
still weak.
Hourly chart broke the rising wedge, retested and failed today, lower prices imo.
chart downside range to watch in Bonds through opex, $5 air pocket down to gap supp $SP.
wait until they make it loser as well.
The will prob dump $GLD  the end of the day #fluff Totally
Wont be surprised if $GLD fell to the 1260s...tomorrow
it is flat and getting ready to drop and will take $JNUG down 25% .
Short is the trade for oil, natural gas, gold, stock markets at large.
where are the bears?
Bear market rallies are strong!
Last 2 times this negative Gold peaked & went to new low
Right now channel down perform to target level at gartley at 41.70,
 A Bearish Chill.
 More bearishness there.
I am already short (again) $EEM after it failed on a retest of 50DMA resistance.
 I plan to close out my $TUR position here.
200DMA breakdown and downtrend is still very much alive though.
 Falling knife ...
down 3% on outrage over Deputy PM Comments .
tries to establish an uptrend below 2 mighty downtrends, which are supported by bad politics. So upside limited and short lived .
Not gonna help much.
No trend change.
But ETF so low, that's maybe simply too low.
couldn't impress the markets, because they can't kep it that high.
New all-time lows relative to S&Ps .
short $TUR again and again...
 Turkish Stock Market is about to crash.
Here are the 5 worst ETFs in the world...
hard to believe this is done falling, even with the bounce today..
The trouble in Turkey $TUR continues today, the ETF is down 5%, now nearly 20% loss in last 1mo.
shorts can hit next week since its acting so weak since open
IS A JOKE IT IS THE BEST AT ONE THING, NEVER MAKING ANY MONEY!! THIS THING HAS LOST MONEY SINCE DAY ONE LOL WASTE OF A STOCK TICKER
Nice to see it deflating again 
short
Why's it dropping
ugly quarterly loss, so much for that pump and dump attempt
massive $5 million loss how much longer will this SCAM be able to keep paying for their daily pump promos? #short the Ask hard
bigger bottom line loss bigger cash burn... another pump and dump bites the dust
 they're pumping all the garbage today..this market is pretty much a joke
short the Ask hard on these terrible pump & dumps and let the chasers hold the bag 
quarterly PUMP and DUMP
another insider PUMP and DUMP attempt
short it hard 
going to zero, fired all employees today
pound these frauds under $1 where they belong #BEAR MARKET RULES
almost time to re-crank the pump and dump machine in this scam
short these scams hard and let everybody hold the bag
all pure Junk go to new low. Do not listen to the chart or video guys he is real pump the junk stocks
I expected more. Short 
Why's it dropping
everyone is dumping shares
Dropping starting next week 
dollar drops big
Airstrikes continue
market down 
This seems like a losing battle folks
I would not hold
Russia is not going to accept
will be penny stock 
out of russ with ten cent loss
Typical pump and dump
It cracked
It looks like a weak price support
Stock Breakouts FAIL
Bearish is an indication
peace unlikely.
wouldn't want to be hold
you won't get another dividend
 heading down until equalization occurs.
steping down
looks overpriced 
losing orders
 short heavy 
Discover the issues
the company should be hoarding cash is bad management. 
Game over
The worst is yet to come
Heavy block selling 
no buying
 Stock  Collapses 
down regardless of downgrade
Fantasy over; back to reality
on the way down. 
enormous red flag right now
premature and too risky now
down your throats. this is easy
What a loser
Fading
it is still a bearish chart. 
Price action looks
You guys are going down !
Should I take my prof in walk?
Haters going to hate
 dollar drops big
will bottom around
 just profiting off the jumps
that, is why you never hold these overnight.
uncontrollable losses
Holding my reg short position.
is very poor and every qtr is very choppy, 
It is ridiculous pump
you want to put your money there? 
Hope this drops now
Missed Earnings
going to the lower of the implied move 
near the lows of the day
hyped dumb analysts and over priced junks
never every make profit
is losing money
 the negative losses are increasing
Cheap Company looting people, seating on Roof
 Sell Off
Roofs are falling off if you install it
 Bad Company Cheating people
losses keep mounting up
losing $ out of their asses
put them out of business
info is out now, no breakout to the top side, will slide dwn now 
THis Company SUcks 
no real profit
 damn, I expect better
not sure purse is there anymore 
still short not gonna get shaken out.
You are missing out on the ride to the bottom
It was a low volume pump for several days, not even 2m volume daily. Only one green 10m candle in the last 2 hours
Still too early to cover, just made a new low.
has continued to make new lows for the day. Spikes in the price caused mainly by short covering
Midday low volume manipulation, the real drops have yet to come
How low will this fall today? That is the question...
Congrats to all shorts!!
Freefall
could go down 20+% today
this run was ridiculous and way overextended.
 broke previous day low, more downside to come
run is over
Break below yesterday's low of $34.28 will trigger more dumps
holders will start dumping hardcore, there is no more buying support left
beaware buyers, big boys carefully trapping the buyers here, they will hand theirs to u carefully in controlled fashion, falling more
look at the volume, just with 200k traded, its down almost 10%, shows no support on the buy side, may free fall more n its friday too
waiting for break below $35
flush
will cover in the low 30s
Still shorting from 39.30
This should crash down hard to 34s soon
and here comes the gap down.Hype is gone it is time to get out
This has dump written all over it. Average 39.13
one final push up before the dump, very bearish
 low floating pump and dump like $LAKE $DGLY all went new high now all testing new low. No POS
red by 3pmish n 35 by eod? Seems like it. Should be atleast 10% or more down next couple days
We will flush on the next attempt.
reds a coming
there we go... the dump.
37 will flush. just give it time
 Now the dump!!!!!
will be red soon...easy short still
 good short here, adding more to my short position
should correct 10-20% to downside rather easily
this may go down hard once it starts to reverse, very risky here for buying, may be a good short if it gets to lower
this has dump written all over it
People hold this at much higher levels. My feeling is that if this rally fails They rush out
I am short but I have learned that anything can happen.
There will be no "rally" this pig will be in 6's in a couple hours
Hold ur gains n look for re-entry... Don't be greedy guys
This will go down hard .. Take ur profit yesterday was a big move..
The tanking has started PM lol
Tanking premarket and will probably be down even worse as stops get taken out and people take profits
It will go down hard in morning...
IS GOING TO SHOOT BACK DOWN TO EARTH QUICKLY TODAY!!!!
no brainer.. would go up a little at market open then will dip down
a little overdone here
Danger Zone stocks pick for short Tomorrow cover target $6.40
This will fall hard tomorrow !
good to short after hour selling going on means tomorrow will give up $1.50
LET THE SELL OFF BEGIN! BACK TO $
junk! no one uses angle's list. NO ONE. SHORT this crap!@
List really sucks. very undesirable product
garbage company good luck losing your shirt!
guys its been a good run.. I am out on the close. it may run a little more, but I am a trader-- gotta go
ohh! Are bearish people $ANGI?... I meant angry? :)" LOL...very good...short term gloating though
 Tomorrow it'll be the bulls suffering from a severe case of $ANGINA. Hmm, I like your pun more
Garbage just day trader play Penny stocks play
down $1 today why yesterday up $2. same $ANGI will go down $1 tomorrow at open
$ANGI is Pure Trash and Garbge stocks
Fade into close and/or big drop tomorrow...looking to cover under $7 this week.
just hit it again! probably done now... will sit back and watch it fall now..no time frame, but it will
I have to say that although I am short ANGI sure is trying
short at will
I cannot borrow shares. You know any other brokers..
Funny how Bulls gone n bear in full control .. Still I am bearish..
Pretty weak close
short covering......will have to let it work
Dont catch a falling knife"
looking bad....short here
drying like paint?!??!?! Which way is she going?
SHORT SHORT SHORT to 6.00
Target reduced to $7.25. That what I yesterday too
we will see though, that bounce just looks like short covering to me, may bounce off its 50MA tomorrow
looking for an exit but not really getting a reason to, stop placed at $7.2 and was easy to see it would bounce at 7.07 like I said
Every time I think about exiting my short, I realize this company is crap...holding short
This will fall back to $5 range in no time, Great short opportunity here. As always everyone will realize their business model is S
 it's going down and down and down
below 7.20 and this will flush
time to test low of day
The more comfortable Joe the Plumber gets with his Yelp account, the less valuable Angie's becomes
Did not see the 7.50 mark coming
chart going to end like the 10/22/14 day
Guys just don't be greedy
Strong support at $7.35 looks to be heading lower though. Bearish only on the day. Well done yesterday bulls
damn .shouldve shorted this before market close
back to ZERO
You guys really cant be surprised this is down this morning are you
Told u guys take ur profit out
watch OUT BELOW!!!!!!!
 morning shor covering
Downgraded to hold today by Bank of America target $8
run bulls run
there are a lot of put options out there they want expiring worthless
 greatly underemphasized
only gonna get worse 
how low will we go
lower lows on daily 
here comes the raid
 glad to be a bear
A resolution is baked in this ridiculously priced market
volatility will continue 
expire.. dont make me perspire
Losses possible here
No shares to sell short BUMMER
I cant raise my stops fast enough 
most relatively unknown companies with a nice ticker name usually flop after the hype
yea that will stick fine and dandy
 You'll all learn when this comes down.....people are going to sell soon enough...keep buying! 
I didn't know $GPRO was in the Cyber Security sector
 put on a very tiny short, this is just ridiculous
 how can it possibly go this high without manipulation. this wont end well
the current valuation is unsustainable IMHO
Lowering cost
im thinking fad
Down we go everyone who bought the RIG Dividend got burned 
implodes from unsustainable irrational policies 
There is NO DEAL people, it was ANOTHER FAKE HEADLINE 
we can sell off
boring
isn't paying.
This will come right back down
The real damage to the economy has in fact already been made during this bull market
Because stocks had been crashing until now! 
Hedged all my puts this morning, so still up...but this is just insane. Really
real hard right now
Can't stay flat forever. 
crash and burn. Getting ridiculous
bulls confused as to why price doesn't stay above 128.7 
starts selling off hard again
I don't believe this rally for a second.
tick tick tick watch this rally slip
We already went long spy twice today we waited to short it
The higher the better the burn down
I'm not buying or selling just watching 
never fixable.
Bloat that pig.
No wonder hedge fun managers loose.
been beaten down for so long it be a ghost
it already looks like it is losing steam.
more fresh lows for this stock
has turned into complete garbage. 
is a slow and weak stock
$GOOG bought march 550 puts at 8.4 hope it was the right move
$GOOG Testing the top bollinger. Substantial drop tomorrow. 
$GOOG 550 put bought
$GOOG should get sold on this net neutrality nonsense
big ugly weekly red candle - looks like it wants to go lower
 out final 19 put at 2.10
$CHK congrats to all those were short - seemed like not many but me
$WDAY Should trade down to both of its moving averages today and fill that tail. 
$WDAY Bam! crush it lower! Puts paying off! They should have stayed private like uber!
thats a big crack on the hourly.
$WDAY adding to shorts with full margin. No where to go but down.
$WDAY not much of a pop in this mega cap
bloodbath baby! Puts with max leverage!
$WDAY loading up full margin with puts
$WDAY Insiders intelligently dumping this ridiculously overvalued stock .Bearish Black Cross is coming.
$EYES total $0 revenue everything red
$EYES Loss from operations	
$EYES I wish you Bulls could see clearly that this is going to collapse.
$EYES run out of cash -$30 Million debt so for
is in a bearish trend
Swing Sell Picks
Short watch list for tmrw
SHORT how flexible are you, trader? 
stocks trading DOWN 
plan to not buy their products next quarter
Did this just get halted?
ALL JUNK We shorted before I made lot of money. You can make more money when you junk
I wouldn't even buy with somebody else's money
Get out!!! This is a hornets nest. Have to have management that can be trusted.
SHORTS for today
We bet it kicker reverses 
short on any strength or take profits when it falls 
Day Bearish Moving Average Cross
Short signal on 
nothing about this chart looks bullish 2 me
it's out! 
Have limit order set
Players holding for higher prices, especially the institutional investors. 
stock is getting ready to decline.
We'll know at the close
still not a fan of 
out of calls for a loss
weekly chart showing a trading range with lower lows and lower highs, should retest $19 IMO
$CSIQ I feel Bad for those who bought
$GM Likely to come down
$YHOO Starboard backs down a little.  
Sell
short setup 
members alerted to short $YHOO +268% on March Puts $RMGN
The Closing Bell is out! $EURUSD $GB
Sold my $TWTR puts to early. 
Get in there and sell SELL!!! Yes sell your $TWTR to me. 
 did you blow out you $FB?   
 $FB that moment when your calls go bidless  
$FB break below 78 
Sometimes opportunity just slaps you across the face
lumber liquidates shorts?
Longs, you have been warned
no bull has ever answered my question... all this debate would end if they just bought stock 
way too much uncertainty too much further downside risk 
if you cant value it you cant own it
it's the legal actions causing uncertainty
No way I'm touching this one
bad name in the market
too much uncertainity in this
It'll make a lower high in the bounce, NOT a higher high. Bias negative
time to reload more puts  i don't trust this move up, think it sells off
 is still tanking.
 broke support. It drops from here
falling fast here, what is the news?
Looks like that Bears are in command
Slightly averaged down
gonna b embarrassing
 is in a bearish trend 
slide show released and price tanking fast
retail shorts are abt to get burned as hedge funds changing their position
do die situation 25% up down today? Playing with fire
that deflated fast 
What a rollercoaster in the premarket
I still think has more room to go
Dollar higher, US equities lower
bought puts. This thing is weak
That can't be good news for stocks
If you can't see the trend with all these buybacks
buckle up for a bumpy ride ahead
can't believe it, it should be down a bit in morning
going down fast
be careful, will be dumped at open
extremely bearish sentiment on Intel
 This quickly became an ugly Bearish chart
the chart has been telling you that this stock is broken
$AAPL my money out
$BBRY Assets Shrinking 
 Purely stuck in this range and not moving. Seems no buyer for the stock and company as well.
$RAD seems no one interested in RAD flat with Beat
$RDS.A ugly ugly
Dumbest decision ever, worse than $XOM for $XTO, selling all tomorrow. Bearish
$TSLA such an easy short
$TSLA long term super bear added to short at 210.55 
$TSLA Could not hold Pre-market Pop
$TSLA Sellers are Selling
$TSLA up to 260 then down again
$TSLA will short shortly to add to short position
$TWTR dump 
$YHOO is still undervalued
members alerted to short $YHOO
$DGLY $ISNS $VII always short this trash hard on the Ask and let the pumpers hold the bag #wonderful profits for the weekend
$DGLY Short this pig
$DGLY My short looking good from yesterday
$TASR $DGLY down in pre market. tasr to follow.
$DGLY $ISNS $VII the old pump and dumpers are back I'll be shorting this trash on the Ask tomorrow for nice gains
I think it is going down tomorrow. 
 $DGLY is Pure TRASH
All under $10 Million aunual revenue all are junk and real Junk 
$DGLY still holding short.
$DGLY Scary. So many shorts prop this up to $15.75. Another dejvu again. not biting this time
sell now!
$ROSG quick $1000 shorting that pop. Are u kidding it should be red!!!
$BIOC I think this goes to 2.13 or lower.
$BIOC dropping nicely
$ROSG Title disappointing in every aspect, rises and then falls quickly, as opposed to Gene.
$NSPH without news this will be pump and dump all time 
$ONCY Worst decision I made besides buying this stock was not selling when it hit .90 a few weeks back
$ONCY won't move anywhere today.
$AAPL STC three 130 puts @ 0.94... Loss
$AAPL back at lows.
Only people w/ balls of steel are shorting $AAPL here
$FB goes red
 $AAPL down because its moved 
 $AAPL flat the short #stocks