adding
We like to be EARLY before explosions..
Added, now just need patience
Funny how these Biotech washouts always come before big up moves. 
looks like it was a nice dip buy yesterday
for sure I trust yall's research and timing you have done me well
Glad I got in on yesterday's dip
beginning to average in
Volatile downside computer based moves are your friend. Due Diligence should be continual, dip buying always.
April is going to be fun
It's a great price for a company like this!! used some profits.
research continuing due diligence buying on big dips and being patient is what works best in biotech.
the bottom of chart isn't bottom of price.
Typically Chinese ADR has record of making record 52 week low every week post IPO until they lose 75% or more of IPO value 
Just gonna relax & wait
back in on these.
looks like a good time to get it in on a low and ride to earnings. 
I'm gonna buy another 3000 shares
is the only RED today, thinking to grab some or wait for further dip ! 
Buy the dip. Outperform reiterated. 
Tempted to buy another 1k. Dirt cheap.
Time to buy $WB is now.  Below IPO price. Runup to earnings coming. Expect big deals to come though.
HUGE DEALS coming. I'm just gonna sit back, relax and watch the manipulated pop, any day now really
Loving the volume of $WB this morning. REFRESHING!!! All we need is good news and you won't be able to stop this from flying
Loading up the truck with $WB. Once volume picks up with this, this will skyrocket. 
I believe in you. 
bought another 1k shares
time to buy!!
$FB R and D Rising 
R and D Growing 
$FB Revenue Expanding  
Gain from movement in these buzzing assets
Just gonna wait out this storm
I would highly recommend picking up shares at these levels, U will just have to wait and see. But I know everything about $WB,strong
Even with a horrific day in the stock market, $WB performed extremely well, turned 180° around after the drop
Holding up well on a down market day. Gonna pop.
Like I said,news wil trickle next 2-3ws be4 major run up
let's break 15$ then get the gains rolling!
Volume still very low, a lot of manipulation buying now.
Added 3,000 more shares. LONG
Added to position, will sit and wait now
should only go up from here in anticipation of phase 2 trial. 
this will be huge! 
Green hammer.
up
got a good bounce on the 10 day
is strong support for now.
I love the company and just used technicals for an entry.
excellent buying op
love the dips,
gives good buy point here 
another biotech that broke out of a box and now moving higher
that was easy
rip
I'm impressed with your service, like your fundy research.
THis is the type of digging 
long term
we bought more today
don't care will buy more.
we keep typing about this symbol because we feel very good people will be all over this board in april.
Keep an eye on $EYES
Leads to
The Vol is way up hope that's a good sign. 
The market opportunity is HUGE for this drug!
Best stocks under $10
Stocking this one for a position
Lifesaving on the line and I believe.
not looking bad. 
I have a feeling big news coming after market. 
Not great but OK today. 
looks ready to get going 
Somebody finally decided to start buying.
make money
$FB is going to give us good azz earnings.
$FB "When one sums up the magnitude of these opportunities,it can be staggering -- billions of incremental revenues."
$FB Learning about options, lessons learnt big time. This is going to rebound and be pushed up, march to 85. no option overhang!
$FB Guess what! They are advertiser able to reach 1.8 Billion people. Who better to get Oculus out to the people for Christmas and gifts.
$FB Oculus is the golden goose! Everyone looks for the next thing, FB has the next thing: Oculus. Not only will they have the next big thing
everyone knows where this is heading. Hesitate and the move is missed. 
This is an entry point, the price back moving up, are you going let this pass you by? get off the fence.
Mr. Market loves this!
has built a base that will support $120 stock. 
Has more potential 
This has been a very profitable stock for many longs. BUY AND HOLD
Loaded up after July ER at $75. Sold half at $80.50. Bought the half back yesterday at $75. Patience.. Been in since $24
Headed back to $80+ .. This stock is worth $92
Patience grasshopper
now is the time to buy, open order to sell put options at this point. Bullish!
added some to my LT pos. @73.80
Just bought some $79 
feeling lucky. 
I won't sell until mid 80s. That Long. 
Bought 50
Buying time! 
it Is such a sure thing!!! Long term
Isn't that chart forming a long banner pattern? Which is a bullish breakout pattern.
going up
that's my bullish signal
LONG bull on this..
VERY BULLISH...THIS NEW NEWS...
LOADING intc on dip also
Me so hungry. Please feed me!!! LOL
load up time!!! thank you!!!
Fully expecting a green day tomorrow!
Bears are in trouble. Squeeze coming.
Bull flag formation!
above.. someone invested in stock
after dragging down a bit and then lingering , I am sure apple will start heading up to were it belongs $ higher
Bears r always in a fool mood...real grumpy. Makes them real silly
all have a bullish profile which will bring more upside short-term.
Can't wait for pop tomorrow.
gona make those short sellers sweat
Would be great.
lookin good for tmorrow
Dividend Aristocrats In Focus: Big Agra
chems are strong today, continue to expect $ICL to act well.
has great numbers and we could see a big revenue beat size tomorrow…
Ole faithful! Slow and steady
getting rich on this one day wake up and $600/share 
good long risk reward trade
long term
all good for '15
Energy stocks as a whole are setting up nicely for a potential bounce 
Don't be scared to buy the dip. Man up
get the benefit tomorrow.
Blast 
Ready To Make Some Money On These Stocks
Solid day finally. 
looks attractive 
it's more oversold then the rest! 
Nice Pop!!!! Now can it hold 
Big returns coming
buy buy buy
nice relative strength here.
Broke through last month's high, setting up for a move to $184 - $185 now imo. 
a restructuring play I like and that I'm long
Fast casual names are holding up well today
is at an important inflection level
There are a ton of names that are looking great and breaking out
shares very cheap compared to any positive news could possibly double the price! 
That's strong price action
feels good to finally put some cash to work
turning green
hitting all-time highs again 
buying more at the open
looks good..taking small long 
This has hit the bottom
development will create gap ups in the upcoming weeks
I may add soon.. Looking very good
is important as a successful breakout pivots.
HOLDING UP well
Trending higher on Down Market
I buy more, much more.
They do God's work
I believe this has reached bottom. Upward from here on
just added more
Huge Hedge buy back going on 
were starting to look good
A matter of time before flies.
fall but this is VERY LOW
Will likely open tomorrow above the upper trend line!! 
Weekly trying to wake up, bullish over 36.5 
has great numbers and we could see a big revenue beat size tomorrow…
Ole faithful! Slow and steady
Will likely open tomorrow above the upper trend line
i am also liking agri. stocks for the next few months ahead
excellent long setups right now. 
Dividend Aristocrats In Focus: 
Amazing. 
on fire
Boat is loaded, waiting for the jet engine to start! $AAPL is super
GREEN POP TOMO
When we see green tomorrow the momentum will drive this through ER
Come on baby, go green!
could be strong play
they will earnings just like any other internet company 
Better cover 
is strong like BULL
This media ETF has  as one of its top holdings
is holding well
Smart money will be rotating into this.. I'm scaling in from here 
Will go even higher tomorrow.
Nice move after hours
NICE so glad I Held 
This thing is a runaway train. Running over ever short
I love this stock
it just keeps getting better 
I love sweet deals like this one 
They did a good job on manufacturing an Eps
higher potential still exists
would be ideal
a huge short covering rally. Just watch
This was a nice buy set up 
This key line of support holding
140% upside potential when compared to $QQQ ! No brainier to go long here
shares up
More setups I liked today that we'll be again watching tomorrow .
nice flag on
classic bear trap set today, time to squeeze hard
I have a feeling skynet bots are antsy and they will deliver this week
the only thing keeping green
green!
Another strong move
perking up
They are going to knock earnings out of the park.
look good right now.
I see nothing but upside potential. 
I'm Hoping for 10% gains after ER.
ironically lawsuit comes out prior to Americans historical largest Earnings.
steady growth with much less fuel cost than other airlines.
I wanted to sell calls at $60 expiring next week, but just couldn't get enough premium to warrant taking away my shares...blast off
Long going into the weekend.
Strong profits today.
Good day overall.
Come on close green..
will do great next week.
who else is ready for an earnings blowout?
Bring it!!! All in!!
i wouldnt be suprised to see this close green.
Premarket is heating up!
Nice buy!
I'm going to jump in with a chunk of shares! ER $58 !!!
Oil price may boost growth by 15-20%:
I love it when I make the right call.
Will probably see some profit taking at EOD...but who knows with this run...
On great reports it has run up for 5 trading sessions.
This one will only go up .
up nicely too...
airline stocks look good!!
GOGO is cheap so buy it while its worth it.
Tearing the roof off!
Testing 52-wk High area
Nice! 60 by the end of month."AGREE..it is doable with these ER reports .
Nice! 60 by the end of month.
if we break that upper trend line at 56xx its gonna be epic.
GONNA SEE NEW HIGHS THIS YEAR" You called it haha...
Growth stocks reporting over next 2 weeks on the move, hold up well during morning sell off. Keep stops tight.
.......simply amazing!!
I'm thinking it's just up on the strength of the sector's ERs.
throughout this debacle, its held up very well..
insiders ready to pull the trigger and buy.. No question abt it!
looks strongly undervalued with low Price/Free Cash Flow and Price/Book… 
all on an upward trend this month.
bottomed time to get in more upside expected in 2015.
21-Day Bullish Moving Average Cross.
anyone not believe this isn`t strong, guess again
On the radar
Today was a slow pullback & an 'inside day' of light volume on most market indexes so the rally is sure to continue next week
of course they took profits.
on your radar for next week.
Liking the broader based action I'm seeing in the overall markets .
Healthy consolidation in the indexes after yesterday's big move.
Will add on dips ..
History Suggests Bulls May Be Ready to Run Again
elder impulse has a green bar on the weekly chart.
Positive sign if it can hold.
Daily chart starting to look good,
Bullish structure. Setting up to rally after building a multi year base.
look good buys at this level.
finally this strong value is playing out as expected, been holding for moths.
very cheap stock with a great dividend yield !!
squeeze is ON !!!! exploding !!!
all refiners up big today$MPC ,
Valero increases quarterly dividend by 45%
Raises Qtr.
about time the longs start getting some money back.
Gotta love IT!!
 A Great Time to Buy :)
all go higher at close.
Dow Futures Up 
The volume today is just obnoxious!!! Thoughts???
‘Biggest Investment Opportunity in the World’
continuing nicely .
noticing a lot of double bottom/higher lows on beat charts.
considering adding more here .
might be turning the corner higher low.
close is above 50 MA, good sign. And two upgrades by analyst recently!
nice performers ...
18% of volume on an uptick in the last five minutes of trading. Seems positive.
Futures are green continue the uptrend with higher volume this week.
viewed as a good thing +8.00
very pretty chart .
love this stock when it sets up.
quality leading stock .
coiling for a potential breakout to all-time highs.
new longs today.
Should have played that one as well but those spreads are crazy!!
Strong report....
 going into earnings tonight.
Should head back to all time highs and test $150. Options are pretty illiquid though. Will watch.
slowly selling my calls, will roll up next week on these profits.
trigger.......
many of these big growth leaders r just sitn nice n tight n put the "need action today" crowd to sleep.
Great looking hammer on the daily chart ..
it been on of the best leaders in this bull mkt since 2012.
Expecting it to go out with a climatic move next few months.
Market looks healthy again.
nice breakout. Going much higher ...
A great below the radar winner for me.
Nice jump on M&A news .
 Looking 4 a beat & maybe great news too.
Fingers crossed going into earnings this week with big positions.
lets go up already cut the foreplay out
going up from here
going big
Look at the bright side.
Decided to buy in at this price 
Fast ur seat belt
Time to buy!!
Best Deal
Buying calls only
In on the dip
today is uptrending
just bought share
Good to buy at this price
I am waited for long time to get in
Add 1000 share 
to the moon
daily chart just got pretty!
bought 500 shares at price of 7.70 ... Looking for 10% in profitable
fast your seat belt
time to buy
buybuybuy
best deal on ws
Slightly intrinsic undervalue with amazing earnings and uptrending 
i think its time i put a size able chunk into this for a major long term investment LT
buy signal
No more killing
stock is cheap
Putin has been tamed
Great job holding
 best performing index 
hide bears
it's the real deal
Every dip is a buying opportunity
we still have a good chunk
took a beating today
sky's the limit 
 Let's go up
bull long term.
it will be good
Im scaling in here
we really enjoyed it 
Been Long for awhile and it is turning out to be a good trade
bullish news for stocks
looking good, watching for a trigger
nice move
jobs being cut is very bullish
Up in Frankfurt!
Exciting times ahead
Time to buy more
Great job 
 just awesome
hope it finishes green
crackin' now
 Long and strong
up and coming 
Moving again
 looking interesting and stalking...
Still rated higher.
Looks good for long term
 I like these 
shorties got squeezed
Big spread but good
up up and away
Nice Start 
awesome move 
STRONG BUY
It is going to be a good
Almost too easy
going into earning
 I get good results
More to come 
will also move up
Amazing beat percentages
Ripping
There's the pop
it continues to grow
wow
looking good along with rest of sector 
profitable
nice movement
my top pick in this sector
it's going higher. 
I buy more NOW
 Plain and simple
Guaranteed to go up now
is on beast mode
keeps rising
 LOOK GOOD
I think it pops tomorrow 
Short term volatile, long term
 Most undervalued stock around
should catch a nice pop today 
sharp pullback a buy opportunity..
Looking to buy more
Please keep rolling
taking more profits.
Easy money with this one.
LONG red-to-green
 Back to green!
 nice red to green action!
 great company
time for rocket ride
ripping up
a big move coupled with short squeeze
was very sweet
looking good for close
Doors are opening. 
holding its gains, this is new
so interesting 
it better be up
TEST ALLL TIME HIGH
Smokin
nice and easy up trend 
Upward.
Moving higher
All my life you're haunting me. 
I loved you so. 
full speed ahead
a cheap stock with little risk.
Going up 
postiviely overlooked. 
 This company is legitamate
Nice break out of that wedge
Going higher
sales and profit growth upwards
good earnings report 
how sweet it is! 
congratulations longs!
LONG....up up and AWAY!
Sheep Long Observation
nice gap up
Buying more on every dip
Looks like she wants to go higher.
Confirmed.
BOOM!!!!
Gaining Altitude for Lift off
 I'm buying back in
 move more later today.
Bulls keeping the markets going on dull days
Nice jump today!
nothing stopping this freight train .
still cheap, good long term
Holding 100,000 shares this will go north
Going much higher I'm like a captain on a pirate ship ! I'm staying on board period!
Same here. Holding..
looks real strong with a huge % of the float short and trading up.
Lunchtime Green! GDP Long
killer again!!!
just blew through uptrend resistance. killing it right now..
This stock was in the 20s only months back.
Yes!! Stick to Green. We are going up!
at this speed... 5$ should be this weeks Target..
Steady up stays up. Double digits near future
all strong buy
has been resilient. One of my better purchases.
adding more if it clears $4.20
oil moved up and Consensus Price Target: $17.40 (325.50% upside) and 50% short of float. MUST MOVE ;-)
dont sell to Shorts right now... hold your shares till they burn
looking strong...
all go higher
ready to explode!!!
12% portfolio gain today with my 5 stocks
EIA weekly report out tomorrow, inventory numbers can be a big catalyst
Excellent consolidation the last two hours of trading just 10 cents off today's high. Expect a gap up in he morning.
Everything is bullish.
Look for this stock to go higher tomorrow and upcoming days.
big dump here, it needed this to run higher
This is taking off.. next time selloff i'm doubling down
Lookin good!
Nice action! Gonna be back in the teens before you know it
Now that's a heck of a run
Greetings FRO board! Just went long as I'm liking the consolidation and upward potential on the daily chart.
come on 4!!
very bullish
Bullish divergence on RSI
 Avery good day.
holding nicely is a very good sign
7 after earnings , patience
I'm thinking this week will be good!
 thank you libya, oil at highest it has been in two months. this could see a nice surge tuesday.
 Cant wait for a pop on tuesday, def buying more
Still stock will compensate me for paying more at the pump
my watchlist for this upcoming shortened trading week.
I bet we go green
I'm loading up again 
Hoping for good news tom
Long prospects
time for some new money and recover back up
Got lucky on this one. 
Looks like Im going to pick some up and go long
earnings weren't that bad.
All in all pretty good.
no need for any additional cash
be careful shorting this moving forward
confident
They will fudge guidance and this will go green
stable results
just bought shares
getting a good deal
Higher
Take Profit. Walk away
 I'm buying back in
great job! 
big volume spike
Very interesting and convenient
looking solid 
trying to retrace
Revving up again 
Congrats to all longs on breakout and revenue
come on out robbie and take your whoppin
makes lots of sense sell for dollar discount 
every cent up will be like a needle for more shorties
 Whoomp there it is
fly away baby
good gains for the day
Damn, straight
been a long time
This is better than little blue pill
Longer & Stronger
shorts will be forced to cover higher.
Can someone come over and help me carry all this money to the bank!
SO MUCH TIME LEFT TODAY STILL TOO!
lets melt some snow!
 Reaching for the Stars! 
 here goes again 
 I have a feeling that whoever is heavily invested in this company now will achieve returns that will make GIC holders speechless!
 will find a way to go higher by the end of day. Don't be fooled just buy and hold on to it for a months
 haha earnings up bigtime!
 it's on
seriously this guy is worth a follow excellent constructive charts
long puts at the close 
still looking strong
Nice
$GOOG over the 200
$GOOGL $GOOG Good volume velocity for the day 10% of 10 day vol in 5 min. Watching.
$GOOG nice move again today off break even with 130m trend
$GOOG grind up to $575 next week at this rate
Big tech growth finally starting to see some good accumulation $GOOG $FB (long)
$ACAD Nice little action here... Let's keep it up. 
$ACAD Keeps going green on an overall red day...
$ACAD keep moving down ... I will back up the truck, I will ... 
$ACAD Lets get green for day
$PLAY Who's feeling little $$ richer today?
new All Time High. We see here $100
$PLAY Awesome jump today!
$PLAY bought it at $22 and still enjoying it :)
$PLAY below 30 is a gift get them buys in!!! 
$PLAY lets see if we can get this puppy to $32+ this week 
HOLD ON LOOSELY BUT DON'T LET GO!!!!
 at this price it is worth to buy.....way undervalue....also Carl Aicam is still on this one.....I am buying here...too cheap
$CHK looking for a reversal, starting a long position with buy orders at 16.70 and 16.40
$CHK this is some crazy movements. Woah 
$CHK buy buy buy
$CHK I'm a buyer here.
$CHK bought some of this for a pullback tomorrow
$CHK Looks like bullish engulfing
$WDAY closed short . Get long at 87.88 
$WDAY wouldn't surprise me if this saw 92's or so pretty quick like 
$WDAY price target raised to $125
$WDAY im bullish
$WDAY - Revenue beat, EPS in line, growing company. green tmro
$WDAY im long
$WDAY a solid mover from the lower pivot last week
$WDAY Bullish Buy Signal!! 
$WDAY entered at 86.88
$WDAY Buy signal next stop $85
$WDAY BULLISH HAMMER occurs at the bottom of a trend or during a downtrend and it is called a Hammer since it is hammering out of a bottom.
$WDAY $QQQ currently at 20x sales, decrease in backlog revenues, insider sales, slowing growth. Short these kind of names in this market
$XRT more upside potential
Perking up! Nice reversal
Holding up well post earnings
Another sitting at highs
Acting well post earnings
it has a huge market opportunity
sales growth 
increase in fund sponsorship.Should ignite soon 
I think it goes higher, just taking profits here. 
looking pretty good to me
High on watchlist
upcoming earning season
is a better product.
looks ready
Double bottom pattern looking good
is all coiled up and ready to pop
Some nice swing set-ups for tomorrow
Green on daily, weekly, monthly chart
Bouncing off support after retracing, good entry point.
load up, really small float, really low rsi, time to go back up 
 here it comes! 
 in for the bounce
Added, Love the Panic!
India continues to look like the strongest of the emerging markets
lots of money going in before big news this weekend
liking the spreads here once again
more upside potential 
retail consolidation with upside potential 
Maybe time to get in
with consistent earning power,good returns on equity"
I like it
earnings tomorrow??
Still my largest biotech holding
nice!!
Good follow through on technicals
Nice little move up over 18 today
Good Tute increases all around 
transforming $DVAX into something huge
is still one of my top picks & largest positions in this space
upholding and perhaps pushing price upwards here.
 Analysis has been bullish for a bit.
now it's time for  to charge forward.
 Great read! Intrexon: Endless Opportunities With Derisked Business Model
Long and strong it's only getting started , new breakthroughs
on a pullback 
 I also own these 2 long positions The party hasn't even begun .. Great breakthroughs in treatments
should follow shortly
he's $XON fire
 is making me rich 
toping tail near term high
does not believe in Red days. Only green
I Am Buying 
Watch top dividend grwoth stocks
Buy signal on
which is heading higher without stopping 
It looks so bullish
Price will bounce back rapidly after the first hour. Watch and learn.
Awesome !!! it going up and up an up
Today is our day! 
Breakout in the works!!! This is going higher 
Huge institutional buying today!
$ZNGA will close high! 
blowout quarter
all green
$GM trading relatively flat today as both trends are bullish
$GM consolidating nicely above last july highs. me likey
$GM trading relatively flat today as both trends are bullish
Future Still Looks Bright For $GM
 watch out on $BBRY.
 On my Watchlist
@sanjuicy I love it. $bbry is legendary   
$BBRY Put buyers already gave up defending $10 level.   
RT @fastfunds24: BlackBerry: Goldman Sachs Induced Sell-Off Is An Excellent Buying Opportunity $BBRY    
Long $BBRY starter... wayyy undervalued 
Adding $BBRY here.
 Strong Buy 
Stocks to Buy Now $AAPL
$BBRY bottom here... adding 
I hope this one survives
 picks it up.
Noted Short Sellers Get Long Lumber Liquidators
an inconvenient truth for profit-driven sensationalists
buyer and holder
The worst is over. This will move like the airlines after Ebola
 PROPER testing of core is to occur. BEFORE the goods are finished.
shows how deconstructed testing is UNRELIABLE as core is damaged/changed
 Wants more
more sure than ever, this is opportunity entry, this is going up from here
bears are running away
folks this is just an appetizer, real deal to follow
This will be a squeeze of epic proportions
there was never anything wrong with their products
Going through the presentation
Not a good day for shorts
this size that is IMPRESSIVE
i'm praying this goes well tomorrow 
for profiting off this
can't wait to see when shorts are scrambling to cover left & right
huge upside
Headed up today. Retail sales fell well short of expectations
when analyst upgrades start coming
the FUTURES are steaming ahead now
great price bargain to get in
there will be a lot of buying on weakness here. don't sell on emotion
 Best bang for your money is SYN.
still looks attractive
 ready to rock
 closing the gap. I think this one is ready to rock
Easy in with limited downside risk
 i'm buying more
All time highs today! Economy is overheating again
how to use them as hedge and now is good time to hedge-VXX forcase 32.50
Market breadth still in a good place.
bullish today on shorting S&P $SPY with long-term oil outlook, Greece falling apart, and early disappointing earnings .
Bullish Doji, nice reversal today. Betting this one goes hire ST.
Watching for a break above its 200EMA on volume for a strong move .
Price Target Hit. Great Trade from
breakout and macd crossing up, long
strong price performance over the last 6 months is in 94th percentile of entire market.
BOOM! -- @peterlbrandt says charts are pointing to $100 for $TWTR:
exciting trading day for most stocks today
good numbers again. Next step buyout
Investing is all about Revenue, revenue, and revenue
It's not so much about calling the exact top but rather about locking in nice gains when they are there to be taken. Ex. $CYBR $RAD $STUDY
you want to see pumping...look at the $BBRY page and you'll see that crap, not here on a legit corp with great future!
If infomercial are truly informative then I am for it
$RAD Great ER! Let's hope for a bigger open today! 
$FXI will be taking some off the table and raising stop..still bullish but protecting profits 
$TSLA Waiting for a pullback but doesn't look like thatll happen, planning on jumping into this lucrative growth stock today
$TSLA Just dipping enough to shake some of the bears.
$TSLA Squeeze time...all the charts looking positive
$TSLA there's another 10$ in it today keep buying
$TSLA i am glad that i bought 205 weekly calls yesterday:) 
$TSLA Here comes the 26% short squeeze! :) 
$TSLA My latest favorite stock! LONG!
$TSLA ROCK and ROLL!!!!!!!!!
$TWTR looking good. Something big is happening. Large volume, and a lot of hush hush. 